https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-3382--ansible/automation changes (#4796)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: applications/ansible_setup.adoc

. Log in to your {ocp-short} cluster console.
. Click *OperatorHub* in the console navigation.

> . Search for and install the _{aap-short} Resource Operator_. *Note:* To submit prehook and posthook `Ansible jobs`, install {aap} Resource Operator with corresponding version available on the following {ocp-short} versions: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Search for and install the _{aap-short} Resource Operator_. *Note:* To submit prehook and posthook `AnsibleJobs`, install {aap} Resource Operator with corresponding version available on the following {ocp-short} versions: 
```
